_pages/addons.md, before:

---
permalink: /addons/
title: Windower Addons
sidebar:
  nav: addonnav
toc: false
---

Addons allow you to extend the basic functionality of Windower and are written in Lua.

For more information about how to write Lua addons for use in Windower, see our [Lua Development Wiki](http://dev.windower.net).

|Addon|Author|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[AEcho](aecho/)|Nitrous|Automatically uses echo drops when you get silenced. Also, uses send to send a message to an alt that you got debuffed.|
|[AnnounceTarget](announcetarget/)|JoshK6656,Sechs|Checks your current target and produces various chat messages according to settings.|
|[AnsweringMachine](answeringmachine/)|Byrth|Stores tells that you receive for later recall.|
|[Autocontrol](autocontrol/)|Nitrous|Automated automaton equipment setting and burden tracker.|
|[Autoinvite](autoinvite/)|r3g1stry|Automatically invites players when sent a tell with a specified keyword.|
|[AutoJoin](autojoin/)|Arcon|Automatically joins or declines party invites. Configurable with blacklist/whitelist mode and auto-decline settings.|
|[AutoRA](autora/)|Banggugyangu|Cuases Ranged Attacks to behave the same as melee Auto-Attack.|
|[AzureSets](azuresets/)|Nitrous|Automated blue magic spell setting.|
|[BattleMod](battlemod/)|Byrth|Customizes battle chat messages.|
|[Blist](blist/)|Ikonic|More detailed blist with tiered display options. Allows for blist to be active on any or all of several chat types.|
|[BLUAlert](blualert)||Monitors monster abilities for Blue Magic spells that you don't know. When one is detected it will write a message into chat and play a sound to notify you.|
|[Cancel](cancel/)|Byrth|Cancels buffs from the command line.|
|[CellHelp](cellhelp/)|Krizz/Balloon|Tracks cells that are needed, displays your position in the lot order, and creates the appropriate LL profiles.|
|[Chars](chars/)|Zohno|This addon lets you input special chars using simple tags (ex.: <note> for ♪).|
|[ChatPorter](chatporter/)|Ikonic|Displays tell, party, and linkshell chat to alternate character and optional textbox. Also, allows you to reply from either character.|
|[Clock](clock/)|Arcon|Displays the current time in various time zones around the world in a customizable format on the screen.|
|[ConsoleBG](consolebg/)|StarHawk|Creates a background shadow for the console window to make it more readable.|
|[DynamisHelper](dynamishelper/)|Krizz|Displays a timer when a mob is procced, tracks currency obtained, and can create a LL to lot all currency.|
|[Distance](distance/)|Arcon|Shows the distance towards the current target in yalms. Useful for range estimations.|
|[DistancePlus](distanceplus/)|Sammeh|Enhances the functionality of the Distance addon.|
|[Enternity](enternity/)|Zohno|Enters "Enter" automatically when prompted during a cutscene or when talking to NPCs. It will not skip choice dialog boxes.|
|[Eval](eval/)|Aureus|Allows developers to run arbitrary lua code in the console.|
|[FastCS](fastcs/)|Cair|Uses the config plugin to automatically disable the frame rate cap during custcenes.|
|[FindAll](findall/)|Zohno|Searches items stored on all your characters.|
|[GearSwap](gearswap/)|Byrth|Changes gear in response to player actions..|
|[InfoReplacer](inforeplacer/)|Cair|Replaces outgoing text prefixed by % with respective information.|
|[Itemizer](itemizer/)|Jayjs20|Provides a chat/console interface for moving items around between bags.|
|[JobChange](jobchange/)|Sammeh|Allows command-line job change as long as you're within 6 yalms of a Job Change NPC.|
|[Linker](linker/)|Arcon|Allows opening links to certain websites from within the game, with an optional search parameter.|
|[Logger](logger/)|Arcon|Outputs all text that appears in the chat log into a text file under `Windower/logs/`.|
|[MacroChanger](macrochanger/)|Banggugyangu|Automatically switches Macro Book and Page according to job changes.|
|[MobCompass](mobcompass/)|Sebyg666|A compass to show your position relative to the target (not players) for geo and has a setup for Sneak attack.|
|[Nostrum](nostrum/)||Creates a click-able onscreen macro to help avoid targeting issues while curing.|
|[ObiAway](obiaway/)|Reaper X|Automatically remove elemental obis based on day/weather/storm conditions.|
|[OhShi](ohshi/)|Nitrous|Keeps track of various event related things. Such as, VW proc messages, mob casting, mob tp moves, TH procs and cor rolls, as well as others.|
|[Organizer](organizer/)|Byrth/Rooks|An inventory management plugin similar to GearCollector.|
|[Omen](omen/)|Braden/Sechs|Creates a custom window that tracks the current Omen floor's Primary and Secondary objectives.|
|[PetTP](pettp/)|SnickySnacks|Displays current pet TP level.|
|[Plasmon](plasmon/)|Zohno|Tracks plasm, killed mobs and dropped airlixirs during a delve.|
|[Plugin Manager](pluginmanager/)|Byrth|Allows you to specify which plugins and addons will be used with which characters.|
|[Porter](porter/)|Zohno|Shows the slips' items highlighting those that are stored.|
|[Pouches](pouches/)||Allows you to open items in your inventory from a command.|
|[RAWR](rawr/)||Plays a sound on Escha dragon pop notices.|
|[Respond](respond/)|Byrth|Respond to tells and FFOchat PMs using %%//%%r.|
|[Reive](reive/)|Zohno|Tracks exp, bayld, momentum scores and bonuses during a reive.|
|[Rhombus](rhombus/)||Creates a click-able onscreen menu based on customizable user files.|
|[RollTracker](rolltracker/)|Balloon|Simplifies Cor rolls, tells you the bonus they give, stops you from doubling up on lucky rolls and reports your chance to bust.|
|[Scoreboard](scoreboard/)|Suji|Basic in-game damage parser. It displays live DPS and works even when chat filters are enabled.|
|[Send](send/)|Arcon|Sends commands between windower instances using IPC.|
|[Shortcuts](shortcuts/)|Byrth|Applies spellcast-like command completion (interpretation and target completion) to commands.|
|[STNA](stna/)|Nitrous|One-button status removal for dual boxing.|
|[TargetInfo](targetinfo/)|Arcon|Displays information about your current target in memory.|
|[Timestamp](timestamp/)|Zohno|Prefixes any chat message with a timestamp. Based on Timestamp plugin.|
|[VWHL](vwhl/)|Zohno|Redirects the nm's weaknesses (VW or Abyssea) to the "tell" stream so that they can be held using the chat filters' function and highlights the important info.|
|[Yush](yush/)|Arcon|A portable macro engine based on customizable Lua files. Triggers faster than in-game macros and allows a significantly higher number of key combinations.|

Commit message:

Add SpeedChecker, SpellCheck, SubTarget, Text, TParty

_pages/addons.md, after:

---
permalink: /addons/
title: Windower Addons
sidebar:
  nav: addonnav
toc: false
---

Addons allow you to extend the basic functionality of Windower and are written in Lua.

For more information about how to write Lua addons for use in Windower, see our [Lua Development Wiki](http://dev.windower.net).

|Addon|Author|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[AEcho](aecho/)|Nitrous|Automatically uses echo drops when you get silenced. Also, uses send to send a message to an alt that you got debuffed.|
|[AnnounceTarget](announcetarget/)|JoshK6656,Sechs|Checks your current target and produces various chat messages according to settings.|
|[AnsweringMachine](answeringmachine/)|Byrth|Stores tells that you receive for later recall.|
|[Autocontrol](autocontrol/)|Nitrous|Automated automaton equipment setting and burden tracker.|
|[Autoinvite](autoinvite/)|r3g1stry|Automatically invites players when sent a tell with a specified keyword.|
|[AutoJoin](autojoin/)|Arcon|Automatically joins or declines party invites. Configurable with blacklist/whitelist mode and auto-decline settings.|
|[AutoRA](autora/)|Banggugyangu|Cuases Ranged Attacks to behave the same as melee Auto-Attack.|
|[AzureSets](azuresets/)|Nitrous|Automated blue magic spell setting.|
|[BattleMod](battlemod/)|Byrth|Customizes battle chat messages.|
|[Blist](blist/)|Ikonic|More detailed blist with tiered display options. Allows for blist to be active on any or all of several chat types.|
|[BLUAlert](blualert)||Monitors monster abilities for Blue Magic spells that you don't know. When one is detected it will write a message into chat and play a sound to notify you.|
|[Cancel](cancel/)|Byrth|Cancels buffs from the command line.|
|[CellHelp](cellhelp/)|Krizz/Balloon|Tracks cells that are needed, displays your position in the lot order, and creates the appropriate LL profiles.|
|[Chars](chars/)|Zohno|This addon lets you input special chars using simple tags (ex.: <note> for ♪).|
|[ChatPorter](chatporter/)|Ikonic|Displays tell, party, and linkshell chat to alternate character and optional textbox. Also, allows you to reply from either character.|
|[Clock](clock/)|Arcon|Displays the current time in various time zones around the world in a customizable format on the screen.|
|[ConsoleBG](consolebg/)|StarHawk|Creates a background shadow for the console window to make it more readable.|
|[DynamisHelper](dynamishelper/)|Krizz|Displays a timer when a mob is procced, tracks currency obtained, and can create a LL to lot all currency.|
|[Distance](distance/)|Arcon|Shows the distance towards the current target in yalms. Useful for range estimations.|
|[DistancePlus](distanceplus/)|Sammeh|Enhances the functionality of the Distance addon.|
|[Enternity](enternity/)|Zohno|Enters "Enter" automatically when prompted during a cutscene or when talking to NPCs. It will not skip choice dialog boxes.|
|[Eval](eval/)|Aureus|Allows developers to run arbitrary lua code in the console.|
|[FastCS](fastcs/)|Cair|Uses the config plugin to automatically disable the frame rate cap during custcenes.|
|[FindAll](findall/)|Zohno|Searches items stored on all your characters.|
|[GearSwap](gearswap/)|Byrth|Changes gear in response to player actions..|
|[InfoReplacer](inforeplacer/)|Cair|Replaces outgoing text prefixed by % with respective information.|
|[Itemizer](itemizer/)|Jayjs20|Provides a chat/console interface for moving items around between bags.|
|[JobChange](jobchange/)|Sammeh|Allows command-line job change as long as you're within 6 yalms of a Job Change NPC.|
|[Linker](linker/)|Arcon|Allows opening links to certain websites from within the game, with an optional search parameter.|
|[Logger](logger/)|Arcon|Outputs all text that appears in the chat log into a text file under `Windower/logs/`.|
|[MacroChanger](macrochanger/)|Banggugyangu|Automatically switches Macro Book and Page according to job changes.|
|[MobCompass](mobcompass/)|Sebyg666|A compass to show your position relative to the target (not players) for geo and has a setup for Sneak attack.|
|[Nostrum](nostrum/)||Creates a click-able onscreen macro to help avoid targeting issues while curing.|
|[ObiAway](obiaway/)|Reaper X|Automatically remove elemental obis based on day/weather/storm conditions.|
|[OhShi](ohshi/)|Nitrous|Keeps track of various event related things. Such as, VW proc messages, mob casting, mob tp moves, TH procs and cor rolls, as well as others.|
|[Organizer](organizer/)|Byrth/Rooks|An inventory management plugin similar to GearCollector.|
|[Omen](omen/)|Braden/Sechs|Creates a custom window that tracks the current Omen floor's Primary and Secondary objectives.|
|[PetTP](pettp/)|SnickySnacks|Displays current pet TP level.|
|[Plasmon](plasmon/)|Zohno|Tracks plasm, killed mobs and dropped airlixirs during a delve.|
|[Plugin Manager](pluginmanager/)|Byrth|Allows you to specify which plugins and addons will be used with which characters.|
|[Porter](porter/)|Zohno|Shows the slips' items highlighting those that are stored.|
|[Pouches](pouches/)||Allows you to open items in your inventory from a command.|
|[RAWR](rawr/)||Plays a sound on Escha dragon pop notices.|
|[Respond](respond/)|Byrth|Respond to tells and FFOchat PMs using %%//%%r.|
|[Reive](reive/)|Zohno|Tracks exp, bayld, momentum scores and bonuses during a reive.|
|[Rhombus](rhombus/)||Creates a click-able onscreen menu based on customizable user files.|
|[RollTracker](rolltracker/)|Balloon|Simplifies Cor rolls, tells you the bonus they give, stops you from doubling up on lucky rolls and reports your chance to bust.|
|[Scoreboard](scoreboard/)|Suji|Basic in-game damage parser. It displays live DPS and works even when chat filters are enabled.|
|[Send](send/)|Arcon|Sends commands between windower instances using IPC.|
|[Shortcuts](shortcuts/)|Byrth|Applies spellcast-like command completion (interpretation and target completion) to commands.|
|[SpeedChecker](speedchecker/)|Arcon|Displays a small box indicating your current movement speed modifier.|
|[SpellCheck](spellcheck/)|DamienDennehy|Lists spells you haven't unlocked yet.|
|[STNA](stna/)|Nitrous|One-button status removal for dual boxing.|
|[SubTarget](subtarget/)|Sebyg666|Facilites casting buffs to a chosen party member when dualboxing without having to write 6 macros for the same spell.|
|[TargetInfo](targetinfo/)|Arcon|Displays information about your current target in memory.|
|[Text](text/)|Arcon|Allows creation and manipulation of text objects on screen.|
|[Timestamp](timestamp/)|Zohno|Prefixes any chat message with a timestamp. Based on Timestamp plugin.|
|[TParty](tparty/)|Arcon|Shows a target's HP percentage next to their health bar and displays party and alliance member's TP.|
|[VWHL](vwhl/)|Zohno|Redirects the nm's weaknesses (VW or Abyssea) to the "tell" stream so that they can be held using the chat filters' function and highlights the important info.|
|[Yush](yush/)|Arcon|A portable macro engine based on customizable Lua files. Triggers faster than in-game macros and allows a significantly higher number of key combinations.|
